@

roles envisaged by the Group's Safety
Management System, including the
Workers Refresher activity launched in
the last two-year period. In compliance
with Legislative Decree 231/01 and in
keeping with the updated Group Code of
Ethics and Compliance Programmes, a
specific new course on the fundamental
concepts of the Decree, on the new Code
of Ethics, on the whistle-blowing
procedure and on cybersecurity has been
designed and released. A _ specific
“Managing procurement of goods and
services” course was also released in
order to consolidate personal skills in
performing a sensitive activity which is
based on the ethical principles expressed
in the Code of Ethics. Following the
introduction of the new GDPR, a new
online course on the General Data
Protection Regulation was released for all
personnel for training in connection with
the changed regulations and compliance
programme adopted within the Group.
Specific in-depth sessions with content in
the classroom were organised for
particular people, significant with respect
to the Privacy compliance programme
adopted by the Group.

With regard to trade union relations,
within the context of an approach of
discussion with workers’ representatives,
a Bilateral Training Committee (consisting
of company and trade union
representatives) has been established for
many years with the task of:

contributing to monitoring — training
requirements related to the need to
maintain levels of professionalism
appropriate to the production evolution
of the company;

formulating indications on projects and
means of professional updating of human
resources, with particular reference to
initiatives in the field of life-long training,
in relation to increasingly rapid
technological developments and to issues
concerning health and safety in the
workplace;

promoting, analysing and signing annual
and periodic training projects/plans to be
submitted to the inter-professional funds
within the scope of funded training;

carrying out periodic qualitative and
quantitative analyses of the training
activity carried out.

Indeed, structural use continued to be
made of resources from Fondi Paritetici
Interprofessionali (Inter-professional
Joint Funds: Fondimpresa and For.te for
the training of middle managers and
employees, and Fondirigenti for
executives) also in 2019, to fund a
considerable portion of the Group’s

training activities.

 

108
