$2) MEDIASET

Sustainability Report 2019 - Mediaset Group - 5 = People

 

The System envisages the development and
adoption of specific types of documents
including: Policies, General Procedures,
Operating Procedures, Operating
Instructions and Practical Solutions. Among
these there are, of course, some specific ones
aimed at identifying and preventing risks and
training programmes on health and safety
issues®° (which are defined according to the
assessment of the risks to which workers are
exposed in the course of their work).

Furthermore, for the purposes of the systems
and rules for recording and reporting of
statistics, the Mediaset Group has recourse to
specific supporting IT tools, such as the
Simpledo.Net platform.

At least once a year, in compliance with the
provisions of Art. 35 of Legislative Decree
81/08, for each certified company of the
Mediaset Group, a "Meeting" is convened
which constitutes the "Management Review"
referred to in paragraph 4.6 of OHSAS
18001:2007.

NUMBER OF INJURY, RATE AND INDICATORS ON HEALTH AND SAFETY OF

WORKERS BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA AND GENDER

MEDIASET GROUP

Injuries (no.)

Fatal Injuries (no.)

High-consequence work-related injuries (excluding

fatalities)
Working hours

Cases of occupational illness (no.)

Rate of recordable work-related injuries

PEN Bele ee Me mel MN crete Miia

Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries

(excluding fatalities)

NOTE: The number of working hours is partly derived from estimates.

 

 

2019
Total

8,114,900

 

 

2018
Total

8,728,051

 

30 The PG SIC procedure 05 "Information, education and training of workers in health and safety in the workplace" governs the process of informing, educating and training personnel on health and safety in the workplace.

 

116
