This document is the third consolidated non-
financial declaration (hereinafter
“Sustainability Report” or “Report”) issued
by the Mediaset Group (also “Mediaset” or
“Group”) describing the initiatives pursued
by the Group in the economic, social and
environmental spheres in 2019 (from 1
January to 31 December) and their respective
outcomes. This document is issued in
compliance with Italian legislation
(Legislative Decree of 30 December 2016, no.
254, hereinafter “Decree 254”) on the
reporting of information of a non-financial

nature, to which the Group is subject.

The 2019 Sustainability Report was drawn up
in compliance with the “Global Reporting
Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards”
defined by the Global Reporting Initiative
(GRI) in 2016, in accordance with the “in
accordance - Core” option. With respect to
the specific GRI 403 (Occupational Health
and Safety) Standard, the most recent
version of 2018 was adopted. The “Media
Services Sector Disclosures” defined by the
GRI in 2014 were also taken into account.

The present document, taking into account
the expectations of stakeholders and the
impacts generated by business activities,

offers a description of the management
models, the policies implemented by the
company, the results obtained and the
principal risks - generated or suffered -
associated with the issues expressly
addressed in Art. 3 of Decree 254
(environmental, social, labour relations,
respect for human rights, the fight against
corruption), including the way in which they
are managed.

As part of the strategic risk assessment
model (conducted by the Risk Officer, with
the support of a leading consultancy
company, as self-assessment with Group
management - ERM model), with structural
focus on exogenous and internal risk factors
that can be correlated directly with its
business model and guidelines defined by the
Board of Directors, a process was launched
to assess ESG risk areas in keeping with their
materiality, expressed in the Group
Materiality Matrix. This assessment involved
an __ initial identification of material
risk/opportunity factors for each of the ESG

areas.

The corresponding risk profiles are assessed
taking into account the general reference
context (also in terms of benchmark with

leading operators in the TMT sector),
monitoring of the Group's main initiatives
and projects in these areas and the main
results linked to feedback from the main
stakeholders.

The assessment carried out as part of the
2019 ERM process highlighted the overall
adequacy of the safeguards the Group has
employed, given the predominance of active
and positive approaches to ESG issues, in
keeping with its own values, which are a
reference as well as being instrumental in
pursuing its business objectives.

Of particular note: the consolidation and
focus on Human Resources development
initiatives and monitoring of the overall
broadcast offering, also with respect to
greater sensitivity on the part of end users
and advertising investors to ESG issues.

The current safeguards do not highlight
critical situations but the emergence of
sought-after opportunities (launch — of
assessments of initiatives to optimise
consumption and reduce emissions).

For future reporting, the Group will assess
supplementing its analysis - and thus its

 
