@

northern Italy after preparatory sessions with
the residents.

From 23 June to 15 September, Mediafriends
carried out a communication campaign on
Mediaset's generalist networks together with
the Italian Red Cross for elderly people who
are alone over the summer. A 30" spot was
made featuring the unmistakable voice of
Gerry Scotti, who invited elderly people in
difficulty to call a free number to get
assistance or even just a kind word. The
number, linked to the national Red Cross
switchboard, then reported the requests to
he local offices so that they could act on
hem. 14,736 calls were recorded over 10
weeks, with a daily average of 173 requests
rom elderly people all over the country.

n October, Mediafriends supported the
Associazione Italiana Editori campaign “#lo
eggo perché”, which saw more than
400,000 books donated to Italian school
ibraries.

n 2019, Mediafriends appointed Dr Andrea
Franzoso, already an internal auditor for
major companies and currently author and
web content producer, to check the projects
inanced by Fabbrica del Sorriso in 2017. Dr

 

Franzoso went to the non-profits financed
and drew up a written report afterwards plus
four web videos demonstrating the genuine
social impact of the AIL, AIRC, Make a Wish
and Meyer Hospital projects.

The Mediaset News Department also used
the footage to produce a 20-minute
programme called “Fabbrica del Sorriso. Una
storia speciale”, broadcast by Rete 4, La5 and
Mediaset Extra.

This analysis of the results of the project
financed performed by people outside the
structure and the company provides a
guarantee of the impartiality and
independence of the findings. The “Fabbrica
del Sorriso, Una storia speciale” episode
allowed viewers to see the real impact and
situations in which the money donated was
used.

There was also intense publishing activity
developed by Mediafriends independently
for both the digital platforms and _ for
Mediaset’s thematic channels and TV
networks. 11 editorials were produced in
2019 for Mediafriends sites and 12 were
presented within entertainment and
informative programmes on _ Mediaset

networks. Three episodes of the “Detto e
Contraddetto” series were also created and
published on the web, dedicated to the
conference and publication of the book on
communication in the third sector. There was
also an episode of “I viaggi di Stojan”
dedicated to the story of the two bikers who
went around the world in 2018 to report on
the projects that Mediafriends has financed
over the years.

 

137
