@

To secure its position in a market increasingly
dominated by cross-platform solutions, the
Group has launched a web business oriented
towards TV based on free online video
content combining new products. with
on-demand

premium video-streaming

services.

In Italy, the Mediaset Group operates via two
advertising sales agencies in which it holds
100% interests: Publitalia '80, the exclusive
sales agency for the free-to-air Mediaset
networks; and Digitalia '08, which handles
advertising sales for the pay TV platform.

Both agencies are managed by another
subsidiary, Publieurope.

With Mondadori, the Group participates in a
joint-venture, Mediamond, which _ sells
advertising space on Mediaset's online and
radio platforms, the websites of agencies in
the Mondadori Group, and _ third-party

 

publishers.

In Spain, Mediaset is the main shareholder of
Mediaset Espana, with an interest of 53.26%
at 31 December 2019. Mediaset Espana is
Spain's leading commercial — television
broadcaster, with two general interest

channels (Telecinco and Cuatro) and a
bouquet of six free-to-air thematic channels.

Mediaset Espafia is listed on the stock
exchanges of Madrid (Ibex 35), Barcelona,
Bilbao and Valencia, and on the Spanish
electronic stock market.

 
