@

2.3. RELATIONS WITH
INVESTORS

The Mediaset website publishes financial
information (financial statements, interim
reports and additional financial information,
presentations to the financial community and
the performance of Stock Exchange
transactions involving financial instruments
issued by the Company) as well as data and
documents that are of interest to
shareholders (press releases, composition of
Company bodies and committees, company
bylaws, regulations and = minutes of
Shareholders’ Meetings, as well as
documents and information on corporate
governance and the compliance programme
pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001).

In order to establish an ongoing relationship
with the shareholders, based on an
understanding of their respective roles, the
Board of Directors appointed the Chief
Financial Officer of the Group as the person
in charge of managing relations with the
shareholders.

MEDIASET SHARES
ON THE STOCK MARKET
(Source: Bloomberg)

Maximum price (euros)

Minimum price (euros)

Opening price 1/1 (euros)

Closing price 31/12 (euros)

Average volumes (m)

Max. volumes (m)

Min. volumes (m)

Number of ordinary shares (m)

Capitalization on 31/12 (m/euros)*

*own shares are excluded from the calculation.

2019 2018
3.0 3.4
20-Jun 7-May
2.6 2.5
8-Feb 6-Sep
2.8 3.2

2.7 2.7

2.2 4.3
12.6 30.8
20-Aug 3-Apr
0.5 0.9
27-Dec 3-Sep
1,137.9 1,137.1
3,026.9 3,120.3

 

42
