@

risk assessment conducted by the Group's
Internal Auditing Department.

The Code of Ethics, as well as the contro
procedures implemented and the protoco
for the identification and prevention o
crimes adopted by the Spanish companies o
the Mediaset Group in Spain establish
measures to monitor and combat the risk o
corrupt practices.

Every year, the audit function performs risk
analyses linked to corruption within the mos
important business lines of the Group. These
activities are an integral part of the Annua
Audit Plan. To this regard, in 2019 all the
corporate structures of the Group were
examined. Specifically, the Internal Audi
function performed various audits on the

 

most significant processes whose results did
not reveal any issues. In 2019, just like in 2018,
there were no episodes of corruption that
involved the Group, and it was not therefore
necessary to undertake any action in this
field.

On the subject of competition, we would
highlight that on 12 November 2019 the
National Council for Free Competition and
Markets identified Mediaset Espafia conduct

contrary to free competition with regard to
certain commercial practices.

A penalty of 38.9 million euros was therefore
imposed, against which the Mediaset Group
immediately appealed.

 

67
