Sustainability Report 2019 – Mediaset Group – 1 ▪ the Mediaset Group 
 
In  2018,  in  line  with  the  methodological 
pathway  indicated  in  the  previous  Non-
Financial Statement, in order to update the 
materiality  matrix,  around  50  people 
representing  the  main  categories  of 
stakeholders (advertising investors, service 
and content providers, TV industry agents, 
financial  analysts  and  Group  employees) 
were  involved,  through  Workshops  and 
Online Surveys, in addition to representatives 
of the main company departments. 
  In 2019 the results of the materiality analysis 
carried out in 2018 (materiality matrix) were 
shared with senior managers in the Group 
during  the  ERM  strategic  risk  assessment 
interviews. Following these interviews, the 
Group  confirmed  that  the  issues  in  the 
materiality  matrix  are  monitored 
systematically  within  the  corporate  risk 
assessment process. 
The results of the analysis were processed 
and presented in the following materiality 
matrix,  which  illustrates  the  weighted 
combination of relevance/critical nature of 
the issues for the Group and its stakeholders. 
The  materiality  analysis  process  and  the 
materiality matrix were validated by the Risk, 
Control  and  Sustainability  Committee  of 
29 