Environmental responsability
Responsible respurce consumption

Responsible resource

consumption

Sustainability isa concept that
applies to all aspects of our
activity involving continuous
optimization through:

- responsible use of natural
resources, such as water and
energy;

-commitment to minimize
wastes and emissions;

- improvement of our
manufacturing processes;

- introduction of a new approach
in logistics, procedures and
packaging.

64

Responsible
resource
consumption

We have only one planet and we
are committed to using available
resources responsibly; they

are limited and we must save
them for future generations. We
firmly believe that chemistry,
our core competence, can be
respectful of the Environment
and can provide an important
contribution to improve our life.
It can be a boost to Sustainable
Development, nota limit.

We strive to be a leader in

the careful use of natural
resources and we have set
ambitious targets to reduce the
Environmental Impact of our
industrial activity.

Since 2000 Lamberti has been
part of Responsible Care, a
voluntary membership program
that guides participating
companies towards a sustainable
development model of the
global chemical industry. Since
2007 we have started the
process of certification of our
manufacturing sites according
to ISO 14001 standards for
environmental management.

Our commitment is to have
40% of our manufacturing
sites certified ISO 14001:2015
within 2022.

We intend to position ourselves
among those industry players
that take steps to reduce their
use of water and energy and to
contain our emissions and waste
beyond the limits enforced by
local regulations.

Aresponsible use of Energy

isa key driver for sustainable
development and we are working
to improve energy efficiency.

In 2019 our overall energy
consumption declined by 3%
compared to 2018.

Energy intensity

1.200.000

Lamberti
Sustainability Report 2019

1.114.029

 

1.071.889
1.000.000

800.000

 

600.000

 

282.833

295.686

 

400.000 7
200.000
2019

Hi Energy consumption (GJ)

Asia
America 1.6%
378%

 
      
   
 

  

Energy
counsumption by
region, 2019

Italy

60%

Europe

0.6%

2018

[)} Tons of product manufactured (t)

Our main energy source is
natural gas, which represents
55% of the overall energy
consumption within the
organization. It is followed by
purchased energy - electricity
and steam - accounting for

a further 40% of the energy
consumption of the Group.
Lastly, the remaining 5%
comprises the use of other non-
renewable fuels, namely diesel
oil, liquefied petroleum gas
(LPG) and petrol.

65
