Consolidated Non-Financial Statement 2018

 

Risk Category

Risks related to
personnel

Description of risks

Inadequate development of
human resources

Lack of training

Lack of respect for diversity and
equal opportunities

Management

Chapter 6: the People

Group Ethics Code

Organizational model Modello
D.Lgs. 231/2001 for the companies
that have adopted it

System for the management of
quality for the companies with the
ISO 9001 certificate

 

Risks related to
compliance with
environmental
and health and
safety laws

Lack of procedures to protect the
health and safety of the workers

Risk of non-compliance with the
new environmental obligations
and regulations or non-conformity
to the environmental law

Chapter 6: the People

Chapter 7: Environmental
responsibility

Group Ethics Code
Organizational model D.Lgs.
231/2001 for the companies that
have adopted it

Commitment to adopt a Group
environmental policy

Macro area

Human resource
responsibility

 

 

 

Environmental
risks

 

Risk of causing environmental
impact which has negative
repercussions

Risk of using inadequate measures
to reduce the environmental
impact

 

Chapter 7: Environmental
responsibility

Group Ethics Code
Organizational model D.Lgs.
231/2001 for the companies that
have adopted it

 

Environmental
responsibility

 

 

 

 

51
