INDEX

FERRARI N.V.

 

Letter ‘from the Chairman

and the Chief Executive Officer

Dear Shareholders,

2019 was a highly significant year from a financial
perspective and our overall strategic positioning.
The strong results delivered reflect the work of a
Company pursuing its long term vision focussed
on supporting the continued vitality of its brand
through innovation, whilst maintaining an enviable
competitive edge.

The Ferrari Group either met or exceeded all of its
financial targets for the year. As a result, we are
confident that the 2022 industrial plan will be
successfully completed. We delivered 10,131 cars, a
9.5% increase on the previous year. The increase of
our industrial free cash flow from Euro 375 million
in 2018 to Euro 675 million was also a source of
particular satisfaction.

We presented five new models this year, a record
for Maranello, that ensures we are able to satisfy
the varied requirements of our existing and new
clients. Our first production hybrid model, the
SF90 Stradale, opened a new chapter in our history,
whilst the Ferrari Roma is a coupé that effortlessly
translates the elegance of the Ferrari Grand Touring
cars of the 1950s and 60s into very modern styling,
allowing us to tap into the needs of a new client

6 Sustainability Report 2019

segment. We also unveiled the F8 Tributo, a two-
seater V8 mid-rear-engined berlinetta, in addition
to its drop-top version, the F8 Spider, and 812 GTS,
which hails a return exactly 50 years since the last
series spider sported a front-mounted V12.

The presentation of the two spiders was the
highlight of Universo Ferrari, the first event
dedicated exclusively to Ferrari in its hometown.
Held in September 2019 this exhibition opened its
doors to over 14,000 customers, prospects and
Ferrari enthusiasts, who had a unique chance to
experience the multifaceted nature of our marque.

We now have the most complete range in our history
and are continuing to garner international plaudits.
Our V8 turbo engine has been named “International
Engine of the Year” for the fourth consecutive
occasion, whilst the styling of the Ferrari Monza SP1
secured us our fifth consecutive “Red Dot: Best of
the Best” award. Ferrari has also been awarded the
title of the world’s strongest brand for the second
consecutive year by Brand Finance.

The same exclusive range approach is also applied to
our brand diversification strategy, which has led to the
