GRI
Standard

 

Page number(s)

and/or URL(s)

Alperia Sustainability Report 2019

Lalas A
eer Explanation

 

Le ReeA LICL eg Course)

GRI 103:
Management
Approach
2016

GRI 204:
Procurement
Practices
2016

103-1 Explanation of the
material topic and its
Boundary

103-2 The management
approach and its components
103-3 Evaluation of the
management approach

204-1 Proportion of spending
on local suppliers

GRI 300 Environmental Standards Series

See Annex
‘Management none
Approach: Supply

Chain Management’;

The organization’s

geographical definition

of ‘significant location
of operations’ is
defined as the
Province of South
Tyrol.

 

 

ace hg

GRI 103:
Management
Approach
2016

GRI 302:
Energy 2016

103-1 Explanation of the
material topic and its
Boundary

103-2 The management
approach and its components
103-3 Evaluation of the
management approach

302-1 Energy consumption
within the organization

chapter 'Supply none
Chain Management’

p. 59ff none
See chapter 'Supply

Chain Management’

p. 59ff and Annex none
‘Figure 12'

See Annex none
Management

Approach: Energy
Consumption’; none

chapter 'Energy
Consumption’ p. 68ff none

See chapter 'Energy
Consumption’ p. 68ff none
and Annex ‘Figure 16"

GRI 103:
Management
Approach
2016

Alperia Own
2017

103-1 Explanation of the
material topic and its
Boundary

103-2 The management
approach and its components
103-3 Evaluation of the
management approach

ALP6 Water released for
minimum flow

ALP7 Incidents of
noncompliance with MVF
requirements

See Annex none
‘Management
Approach: Water’;

Chapter 'Water' p. none
63ff

none
See chapter 'Water'
p. 63ff and Annex none
‘Figure 15'
See chapter 'Water'
p. 63ff and Annex none

‘Figure 15'

GRI 103:
Management
Approach
2016

GRI 305:
Emissions
2016

103-1 Explanation of the
material topic and its
Boundary

103-2 The management
approach and its components
103-3 Evaluation of the
management approach

305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG

emissions

305-2 Energy indirect (Scope
2) GHG emissions

305-3 Other indirect (Scope
3) GHG emissions

See Annex none
‘Management
Approach:
Emissions’; chapter
‘Emissions' p. 71ff

none

none

See chapter
‘Emissions’, p.71ff
and Annex ‘Figure
17'

See chapter
‘Emissions’, p.71ff
and Annex ‘Figure
17'

See chapter
‘Emissions’, p.71ff
and Annex ‘Figure
17'

none

none

none

14

Oo
