Cloud computing has become the leading
provisioning tool, while the approach based on lol.
models is increasingly widespread in the areas of
generation and energy management and is used to
support efficiency and smart city initiatives. Moreover,
there’s a growing trend among the biggest businesses
in the sector to develop open innovation approaches,
which includes research in collaboration with

innovative start-ups.

Against this backdrop of extensive transformation,
Reply is one of the reference partners in the sector,
combining knowledge of the market and of its unique
processes, with a distinctive capability to design,
implement and manage innovative digital solutions
and technological platforms that support the “core
business”.

The company’s consolidated expertise in the
introduction of new digital technologies has been
further verticalized. Reply works with both energy
sales companies and end customers to define and
develop new models for energy management and
downstream services, and experimentation and
collaboration continued in connection with blockchain,
advanced analytics and artificial intelligence
applications for the sector.

HEALTHCARE & GOVERNMENT

Health and technology are increasingly connected,
with health developing in the direction of a new
“ecosystem” able to incorporate all phases involving
patients, from prevention, to care, to follow-up. The
model goes by the name of “connected care” and

11

offers a twofold advantage, for both patients and
healthcare professionals.

On one hand, it allows the public and patients to
access their health information through unified,
interoperable digital platforms and share it securely
and voluntarily with doctors, nurses and other people
involved. On the other, it permits a connection
between all people who come into contact with the
patient, integration of the various IT systems, data
and information exchange and availability of patients’
clinical history so that they can benefit from the
support of effective diagnosis and care processes.

 

Reply occupies a leading position in innovation within
the field of healthcare and data. It brings together

all of its expertise in innovative technologies like

big data, cloud computing, digital media and the
Internet of Things plus clinical and healthcare know-
how to offer platforms for interoperability and tailor-
made suites, beginning with those for Reception

and Patient Relationship Management processes

and extending to taking care of patients as well as
continuity of care.

Consolidated disclosure of non-financial information
