GRI/

EUSS KA

Average availability
thermoelectric generation
Iberia

UM

(%)

 

mber 2019

December 2018 December 2017

2019-2018

%

Scope

 

o14

93.0

92.6

“1.6

Iberia

 

Average availability
thermoelectric generation
Chile

(%)

92.3

915

90.6

os

Chile

 

Average availability
thermoelectric generation
Argentina

(%)

74.6

82.2

95

Argentina

 

Average availability
thermoelectric generation
Brazil

(%)

95.3

100.0

99.6

47

Brazil

 

Average availability
thermoelectric generation
Peru

(%)

88.6

89.3

0.1

Peru

 

Average availablity
thermoelectric generation
Colombia

(%)

84.6

94.1

4.0

Colombia

 

Service interruptions -

FURS enuoncy (AI?

 

Frequency of interruptions
by customer Italy

{no.)

19

18

16

0.1

56

Italy

 

Frequency of interruptions
by customer Romania

{no.)

41

38

41

03

73

Romania

 

Frequency of interruptions
by customer Iberia

{no.)

14

16

18

12.5

Iberia

 

Frequency of interruptions
by customer Peru

{no.)

28

28

25

Peru

 

Frequency of interruptions
by customer Chile

(no.)

16

15

Az

0.1

67

Chile

 

Frequency of interruptions
by customer Argentina

(no.)

6.0

67

68

0.7

-10.4

Argentina

 

Frequency of interruptions
by customer Brazil
(Ampla)

(no.)

8.0

1

98

03

39

Brazil

 

Frequency of interruptions
by customer Brazil
(Coelce)

{no.)

54

44

49

1.0

22.7

Brazil

 

Frequency of interruptions
by customer Brazil (CELG)

(no.)

97

12.3

15.8

-20.1

Brazil

 

Frequency of interruptions
by customer Brazil (ELPL)

{no.)

35

43

-18.6

Brazil

 

Frequency of interruptions
by customer Colombia

{no.)

68

9.0

10.0

“24.4

Colombia

 

Service interruptions -

FU29 duration (SAID)

 

Service continuity index
Italy

(min)

47

43

Italy

 

Service continuity index
Romania

(min)

170

174

191

64

Romania

 

Service continuity index
Iberia

(min)

80

84

Iberia

 

Service continuity index
Peru

(min)

419

436

469

17

Peru

 

Service continuity index
Chile

(min)

184

178

230

34

Chile

 

Service continuity index
Argentina

(min)

1,214

1,485

1,770

 

-271

“18.2

Argentina

 

Performance indicators

293
